[Music]
Let's see what's next, Shoka
got angry, according to my scriptwriter, according to
my content director, okay, I don't
decide the content, eh, I mean, Luare
is the one in charge here and if Luare
told us to put this, we have to
put it in. Shokas gets angry because of his own
mistake in his live show, okay, Shokas got
angry with his followers because they
corrected him when he said aiga in a
sentence, he also said that he doesn't receive
advice. Ah, very strange, the sha,
the shas speaks very well, he speaks very well
when he doesn't say these things, these are your
[ __ ] [ __ ] and stuff, okay, but he's a
guy who is, let's see, he's a guy who's
studied, damn, the way things are, he has a
great vocabulary, honestly, if he said
aiga, I imagine he made a mistake. I
read the comment and I comment. Well, let's
see. Maybe he doesn't have very good cardio, he
'll have to prove it when there are
five-round fights and such, not when
there are. It's true, when there are fights.
It's true, when there is. It's true, when there is. He
'll have to prove it when there is a
comment and  I comment Well let's see
Maybe he doesn't have very good cardio he
'll have to prove it when he does the
five-round fights and such No he hasn't had he hasn't
had to prove a
very very great cardio no Well there's a there's
an unsaid aiga I've never said aiga in my life
but why hasn't he
realized that he said it I didn't say aiga
eh it was kati bipi I didn't say aiga it was
kati bipi [ __ ] but they are I mean I legs
of these I put to well if they do
this to me I won't say that there are surely people
who have done it that have done it that do it that do it that
do it more of a joke if they do this to me there are
surely people who do it mm they
kick my dictionaries of
this but well in droves but the thing is that
in the end man this like the 2 + two
is two they really take out the clies on
Twitter okay mmm man when we are
so many hours live I mean
right now I have my mind I'm looking forward to
Saturday just to
unplug my mind man Because because I
'm really very saturated No  I'm not
focused on so many things that
I'm thinking at once man and I block myself I
block myself a lot I block a lot in the end
you're in front of the camera for so long
you're wrong Javi if you can also
add the other Comanche hit asterisk
asterisk asterisk uo when twi
put there asterisk asterisk asterisk
Because I can't add the other one I don't know
Which one you're referring to look at it again or
whatever or whatever because in my life I would
say it doesn't make sense I must have
pronounced it wrong or it must have been heard wrong
but I've never in my life said iga it doesn't make sense I've
never done it and I'm never going to
do it today you guys are being annoying from what
I see eh Don't tell me anymore there are no
big streamers the whole chat is saying
right it's true and and And I guess you
're All here no s I'm not going to put
sub Mode today I'm already seeing a lot of fools
you may have interpreted aiga I haven't
said aiga
you have interpreted my life or maybe I said
aya and and and I said it like that aya and you
understood aiga because  you guys are stupid but I
really have never said ha in my life
because what the [ __ ] am I going to say aiga
[ __ ] she's acting it can't be that I
'm saying this Seriously what does that
mean to begin with What the
[ __ ] are you saying that I don't give a damn what he
said what he did dude I
absolutely don't give a damn I have never said
aiga in my life and if aiga was understood
or was pronounced aiga I don't give a
damn I have never said ha in my life
colleagues don't be annoying what the [ __ ] is it that I don't give a damn dude I don't give
a damn I
absolutely don't give a damn what he
said what he didn't say you
know very well that I have
never said hag in my life I would never say it you are
a bunch of mentally [ __ ] some
of you really I mean you are
unbearable what the [ __ ] is he
joking with them dude he's joking with
them he's joking he's joking with
them here in a good way dude show the
[ __ ] things you are correcting correcting
correcting passed man what
disgusting people dude what [ __ ] disgusting of
of  People come around from time to time and they've
given me a [ __ ] hard time that people have
closed live 100% 100% because if not I do
n't have that [ __ ] amount of [ __ ] people
here in my in my [ __ ] life you take away my
desire to do live shows what [ __ ] disgusting
people with enough knowledge that I would
never say a word So even if I
said it or Even if I
pronounced something similar I didn't
want to say it but I would never say aa When
if I said aiga I would say it with
constan it would be something that I would say daily I
can't make a mistake on a word
once suddenly on a word that is so
easy to make a mistake a lot the one who makes a
mistake with aiga is because he says aiga and
says it wrong it's like saying bat or
like saying cocreta I mean the one who says
aiga always says it totally
leonia my head has come to me completely nothing is this is doing his character is angry with the chat but he knows that there will be more There it is Let's see it's that by logic it happens to me here nothing happens eh we are many hours
live  You crash, you're live for many hours,
I don't know if she's the same one more
than me but it's normal, it's absolutely
normal but apart from that, you know that when the
whole chat is telling you, one
thing is that one thing, one thing is that you
see it, one thing is that someone
gives you a super chat and it's a pain or a pain or
whatever but if
the whole chat suddenly says aig aiga
iga it's because they said damn why am I going to
[ __ ] and I'm going to suddenly say one
day cocreta yes yes I know very well that it's called
flirtatious [ __ ] it's I'm going to get stuck already
these annoying ones already it's because you have the chat
open, there are probably many
streamers who are not live and they are
all here, nothing happens What
happens is that it's annoying J being here in the
summer talking and that people are at
the minimum pum pum pum pum with the light
and we were talking about this that he came to
greet me such Very maa and well we were
talking for 5 minutes a little bit about the
famous life and also about music and things and
that the world of the famous sometimes a little
[ __ ] up and a little unpleasant in many
ways and I was telling her that
in the future when we weren't so well
known we would miss him she
told me that yes she would miss him
but that she tried to keep her feet
on the ground a lot by being with
normal people and not with famous people she was with
her usual people which is what
keeps her grounded you know it's it's
true sometimes you need it you need
someone to tell you calm down calm down you
're human because sometimes you
feel like you're not human and it's
good for someone to bring you down
if a guy from the internet comes and tries to bring you
down he sucks my dick and
[ __ ] me four times the [ __ ] of it is
because you can't give me advice
my mother gives it to me my father or
my friends give it to me those of you on the internet don't
give me any advice and you all suck my dick
I don't accept it I don't say it badly I don't
say it in a bad way eh I say it in a good way
Imagine receiving advice from Random or
I don't accept advice like there's something wrong
Okay or or this way  We left the click to
see, nothing happens, this is a little silly
but okay, a little silly but it's
okay luare luare We left it there, no, the
click didn't go in one ear and came out
the other, Lola's advice Well, it's
also true, it
's also
true [Music]